---


---

<h1 id="eps-1--pilot">Eps 1 : Pilot</h1>
<p>Albuquerque, New Mexico<br>
law-enforcement entities<br>
EARLIER - instead of before<br>
veggie bacon.<br>
cholesterol<br>
Echinacea - a tablet from a herb<br>
Band-Aids<br>
It is growth, then decay,<br>
I’m short-handed,’ Walter. What am I to do?<br>
washboard.<br>
Glock 22 - pistol<br>
Looks like Keith Richards with a glass of warm milk, doesn’t he?<br>
Wisconsin - a place<br>
methamphetamine<br>
exhibit<br>
Inoperable.<br>
chemo,<br>
mustard<br>
exuberant Mexicans.<br>
Phosphine gas.<br>
…bull-winder about getting right with Jesus or turning myself in—<br>
Square one - the  <strong>beginning stage or starting point</strong>  of a project, plan, or process.<br>
Either that<br>
mid-life crisis.<br>
You flunked me<br>
Fumes are toxic.<br>
faggot - a gay man.<br>
Winnebago (recreational vehicles - RV)<br>
boonies. - a remote, rural area far from a city<br>
Be all evasive.<br>
shrunk.<br>
jibhead from here to Timbuktu’s<br>
Phosphine gas. - phosphorus hydride.</p>
<h1 id="eps-2--the-cats-in-the-bag">Eps 2 : The Cat’s in the Bag</h1>
<p>ditch<br>
dump<br>
a bonehead maneuver.<br>
spills all over<br>
Like I said, we couldn’t be more grateful.<br>
gonna flood it<br>
small-busted … brassiere<br>
“chiral”<br>
For instance.<br>
Thalidomide… left-handed isomer<br>
Which is precisely what happened<br>
No Colombian neckties?"<br>
chemical disincorporation.<br>
Polyethylene… …stamped LDPE.<br>
I’m working up to it.<br>
the crust<br>
Legs in one, torso in the other?<br>
-Marijuana (pot)<br>
I can dig it.<br>
freaking</p>
<h1 id="eps-3--and-the-bags-in-the-river">Eps 3 : And the Bag’s in the River</h1>
<p>squeaking around…<br>
I like the support. My arches happen to be extremely archy.<br>
I perhaps tried it. Why?<br>
Never mind.<br>
who’s retarded<br>
adios<br>
obscenity<br>
Coin flip is sacred.<br>
She inferred it,<br>
born and bred.<br>
I hadn’t a snowball chance at that one.<br>
Pretty moronic.<br>
…a little under the weather<br>
I’m Rain Man counting<br>
his toothpicks.<br>
Retarded.</p>
<h1 id="eps-4--cancer-man">Eps 4 : Cancer Man</h1>
<p>breath mint?<br>
buzzard off a shit wagon.<br>
they possess<br>
it’s stere-bought.<br>
Confidence and persistence.<br>
And eventually…<br>
But your mother would do them in ink.<br>
radiologists<br>
the oncology<br>
he’s not in our HMO<br>
don’t get hung up on money here.<br>
pal<br>
To, like, touch base.<br>
we could debrief."<br>
chemotherapy<br>
it’s prolonged<br>
fatigued,<br>
appetite<br>
nausea</p>
<h1 id="fps-5--gray-matter">fps 5 : Gray Matter</h1>
<p>“curriculum vitae”<br>
Nice duds.<br>
I’m on probation<br>
I’m rehabilitated.<br>
pseudo’s<br>
the “beige” memo.<br>
It’s been ages.<br>
You just breezed right in…<br>
I gravitated toward education.<br>
He pressed you?<br>
private affairs<br>
boiling flask. Griffin beaker. volumetric beaker. Erlenmeyer flask.<br>
javelinas.<br>
Guess you win the jackpot.<br>
He admitted it.<br>
an intervention<br>
willing to pitch in–<br>
A hell of a lot.<br>
absolutely miserable.<br>
…it is what it is, I guess.</p>
<h1 id="eps-6--crazy-handful-of-nothin">Eps 6 : Crazy Handful of Nothin’</h1>
<p>is my realm.<br>
instantaneously.<br>
fulminative mercury / Fulminated mercury…<br>
therapeutic.<br>
Gone into your lymph nodes.<br>
Nearly an ounce.<br>
methamphetamine<br>
perhaps?<br>
snitches.<br>
informants.<br>
fed to the buzzards.<br>
My doctor is very solicitous.<br>
your mule boy…<br>
little tweak of chemistry.</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Written with <a href="https://stackedit.io/">StackEdit</a>.</p>
</blockquote>

