---


---

<h1 id="eps-1--seven-thirty-seven">Eps 1 : Seven Thirty-Seven</h1>
<p>Adjusting for inflation<br>
This is conjecture.<br>
his posse.<br>
…so let me know if you guys wanna hang.<br>
I did have a touch of My stomach, you know.<br>
Lay it on me.<br>
castor beans.<br>
Also fairly easy to overlook during an autopsy.<br>
ricin<br>
kleptomaniac,<br>
degenerate snorts</p>
<h1 id="eps-2--grilled">Eps 2 : Grilled</h1>
<p>lieutenants.<br>
rivals,<br>
manhunt’<br>
A little withdrawn.<br>
Agitated?<br>
he wandered<br>
It bewildering<br>
pseudonym.<br>
lot of collateral.<br>
acting all pouty<br>
snitched<br>
like-- Like apple pie and Chevrolet.<br>
we’re grasping at straws here.<br>
You know, you don’t seem very forthright about this,<br>
how moronic that was?<br>
Let’s just bum-rush him,<br>
There clearly some dementia. He’s not lucid.<br>
Are they punking me?<br>
degenerate piece of filth,</p>
<h1 id="eps-3--bit-by-a-dead-bee">Eps 3 : Bit by a Dead Bee</h1>
<p>He came in dehydrated and disoriented…<br>
Uncle Hank wasted him.<br>
acquaintances…<br>
in getting ahead of ourselves,<br>
they yanked him away.<br>
You got schlongus interruptus?<br>
…you abide. by these strictures absolutely.<br>
scumbag<br>
I’m actually zeroing in on a job.<br>
An isolated episode of transient global amnesia.</p>
<h1 id="eps-4--down">Eps 4 : Down</h1>
<p>through an ordeal<br>
But considering all the polyphenols and thelimonoids, can’t hurt.<br>
Got one. Steely Dan/<br>
Under federal asset seizure…<br>
Upwind.<br>
You are a pathetic junkie,<br>
diagnostic and exploratory?<br>
Maybe tweaker urban legend.<br>
il’ll let you take it for nine Gs.<br>
Does it inspire awe?<br>
squatter’s rights,<br>
Brewing is an art form,<br>
risk fouchump change.<br>
expensive alibi<br>
another homicidal lunatic…<br>
I beg your pardon?<br>
perhaps<br>
nea y gonna go away<br>
you little punk.’[<br>
I gotta piss like a racehorse.<br>
A panini.<br>
I thought we nixed those<br>
the off-the-chart sodium?<br>
in a fugue state.</p>
<h1 id="eps-6--peekaboo">Eps 6 : Peekaboo</h1>
<p>teaching valences and covalences<br>
very long overdue<br>
Monoalkenes, diolefins… …trienes, polyenes. the nomenclature<br>
Scorpions?<br>
—Hey, yourself.<br>
Inight have a concussion.<br>
I don’t owe you an explanation. I owe you an apology, and I have apologized.<br>
…no strings attached.<br>
That’s pretty much the size of it.<br>
What would your presumption<br>
our charity?<br>
the picture of innocence. -Just sweetness and light.<br>
You abandoned us,<br>
It was abrupt.<br>
I mean, there was a lot of hemming and hawing…<br>
…business phraseology being tossed around.<br>
You know, things like “cash-poor” and “leveraged”…<br>
…“quarterly decline,” yadda, yadda, yadda.<br>
drives a Bentley.<br>
I am on the verge here</p>
<h1 id="eps-7--negro-y-azul">Eps 7 : Negro y Azul</h1>
<blockquote>
<p>Written with <a href="https://stackedit.io/">StackEdit</a>.</p>
</blockquote>

